docs(grid, treelist): linked popup templates articles in customization (#1475)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/treelist/templates/popup-form-template.md

# Popup Form Template

> With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the TreeList. To set it, provide contents to the `<FormTemplate>` inner tag of the `<TreeListPopupEditFormSettings>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the TreeList. To set it, provide contents to the `<FormTemplate>` inner tag of the `<TreeListPopupEditFormSettings>`.
```
```suggestion
With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the TreeList. Declare the desired custom content inside the `<FormTemplate>` inner tag of the `<TreeListPopupEditFormSettings>`.
```

With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the TreeList.

> >When a `FormTemplate` is declared, the TreeList no longer handles the Update and Cancel operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>When you declare a `FormTemplate`, the TreeList no longer handles the Update and Cancel operations.
```
